Add supported backends docs under guides (#4)
kubestash/docs: docs/guides/backends/local/index.md

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/backends/local/examples/pvc.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/local-storage-with-pvc created
```

### NFS volume as Backend

Below, the YAML of a sample `BackupStorage` crd that uses an `NFS` volume as a backend.

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupStorage
metadata:
  name: local-storage-with-nfs
  namespace: demo
spec:
  storage:
    provider: local
    local:
      mountPath: /safe/data
      nfs:
        server: "nfs-service.storage.svc.cluster.local" # use you own NFS server address
        path: "/" # this path is relative to "/exports" path of NFS server
  usagePolicy:
    allowedNamespaces:
      from: All
  default: false
  deletionPolicy: WipeOut
  runtimeSettings:
    pod:
      securityContext:
        fsGroup: 65535
```

Create the `BackupStorage` we have shown above using the following command,

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/backends/local/examples/nfs.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/local-storage-with-nfs created
```

> >For NFS backend, KubeStash may have to run the network volume accessor deployments in privileged mode to provide Snapshot listing facility. In this case, please configure network volume accessors by following the instruction [here](/docs/setup/install/troubleshooting/index.md#configuring-network-volume-accessor).

Reviewer: KubeStash may have to run the network volume accessor deployments in privileged mode to provide KubeStash CLI facilities.

that you must give file system group permission, achieved by specifying `spec.runtimeSettings.pod.securityContext.fsGroup` in the `BackupStorage` configuration.

Here, we are going to show some sample `BackupStorage` objects that uses different Kubernetes volume as a backend.

### HostPath volume as Backend

Below, the YAML of a sample `BackupStorage` object that uses a `hostPath` volume as a backend.

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupStorage
metadata:
  name: local-storage-with-hostpath
  namespace: demo
spec:
  storage:
    provider: local
    local:
      mountPath: /safe/data
      hostPath:
        path: /data/kubestash-test/storage
  usagePolicy:
    allowedNamespaces:
      from: All
  default: true
  deletionPolicy: WipeOut
  runtimeSettings:
    pod:
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 0
```

Create the `BackupStoage` we have shown above using the following command,

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/backends/local/examples/hostPath.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/local-storage-with-hostpath created
```

> > Note that by default, Kubestash run `BackupStorage` initializer job with a `non-root` user. `hostPath` volume is writable only for the `root` user.
> So, in order to use `hostPath` volume as a backend, you must either run initializer job as the `root` user, achieved by specifying 
> `spec.runtimeSettings.pod.securityContext.runAsUser` in the `BackupStorage` configuration, or adjust the permissions of the `hostPath` to allow write access for `non-root` users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Since a `hostPath` volume is typically writable only by the root user, you'll need to either run the initializer job as the `root` user or modify permissions directly on the host filesystem to enable non-root write access. 
```

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/backends/local/examples/pvc.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/local-storage-with-pvc created
```

### NFS volume as Backend

Below, the YAML of a sample `BackupStorage` crd that uses an `NFS` volume as a backend.

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupStorage
metadata:
  name: local-storage-with-nfs
  namespace: demo
spec:
  storage:
    provider: local
    local:
      mountPath: /safe/data
      nfs:
        server: "nfs-service.storage.svc.cluster.local" # use you own NFS server address
        path: "/" # this path is relative to "/exports" path of NFS server
  usagePolicy:
    allowedNamespaces:
      from: All
  default: false
  deletionPolicy: WipeOut
  runtimeSettings:
    pod:
      securityContext:
        fsGroup: 65534
```

Create the `BackupStorage` we have shown above using the following command,

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubestash/docs/raw/{{< param "info.version" >}}/docs/guides/backends/local/examples/nfs.yaml
backupstorage.storage.kubestash.com/local-storage-with-nfs created
```

> >For NFS backend, KubeStash may have to run the network volume accessor deployments in privileged mode to provide KubeStash CLI facilities. In this case, please configure network volume accessors by following the instruction [here](/docs/setup/install/troubleshooting/index.md#configuring-network-volume-accessor).

Reviewer 2: For network volumes such as NFS, KubeStash needs to deploy a helper network volume accessor deployment in the same namespace as the BackupStorage. This deployment mounts the NFS volume, allowing the CLI to interact with the backend. You can configure the network volume accessor by following the instructions [here](/docs/setup/install/troubleshooting/index.md#configuring-network-volume-accessor).
